BIX  JBS  Weekly Status-20260526_120550-Meeting Transcript 

May 26, 2026, 3:05PM 

53m 0s 

 
Contezini, Leonardo started transcription 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   0:17 
Okay, so you can see my screen, right? 

 
Dickson, Dustin   0:20 
Yes. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   0:22 
So regarding the past week until yesterday, we were able to advance in some important topics. Inside Click Apps, we found a product parsing issue, so we already corrected. 
The information, like the source field, was being split incorrectly, so now we are able to fix it. And AccountsPayableDoNotUse and Sam SAP are already ready for validation. We already talked to Zach and Tiffany, so we are just waiting for them and making some follow-ups here. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   1:00 
Okay. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   1:00 
Regarding the Walmart app, Vitor already finalized the ETL. 
And now he's working on the front end and final review, so we can hand off to validation as well with Tiffany. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   1:15 
Yes. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   1:16 
We also found an issue that was causing data duplication and also identified the root cause. It was because all the data was being overwritten and now we need to switch it from override to append and we talked to Paco. 
He is the responsible for these tests. So now we will be just following up with him to make sure everything goes as expected. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   1:38 
Okay. 
Which one was that on? 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   1:49 
It was affecting data from Cosco, Kroger, and EBSCO, right, Rodrigo? 

 
Dickson, Dustin   1:54 
Oh, three of them. Okay, got it. 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   1:55 
Yes. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   1:56 
Yeah, so when we were expecting to have like, I don't know, 2000 or 3000 register and we had 15,000. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   2:07 
Okay. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   2:07 
Yeah. 
So regarding the 2FA bypass, we were able to validate the end-to-end solution, Rodrigo upgraded personal account, and confirm the full flow. And it works as expected. So now we just need the security team to approve the VSA. Okay. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   2:28 
How much is that? 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   2:28 
And. 
Do you remember the price? 

 
Dickson, Dustin   2:33 
Up. 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   2:35 
It was like $20, but Julia was able to refund me. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   2:43 
It was $20 for how long, Rodrigo? 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   2:47 
Oh, it was the minimum value to deposit, but... 
When we onboard Twitter and Zapier, we can expect like 15 to twenty-five dollars a month. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   3:05 
Okay. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   3:07 
Okay, so now we're just waiting for the security team. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   3:09 
And the security team has to enable that in our network, I'm assuming. 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   3:16 
Yes, they are. Zapr had a VSA approved by another team that is already using this solution. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   3:24 
OKOK. 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   3:25 
And for Twilio, they are reviewing like 15 documents, so we take some time to... 

 
Dickson, Dustin   3:32 
Okay. 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   3:32 
Get everything ready to use. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   3:34 
And I'm assuming I'll maybe we can you ask the question next time we talk to them? Will it be charged to how to how does security handle the payment of that subscription? 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   3:47 
I talked to the team that is already using Zapier and they have a corporate credit card to use. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   3:56 
Okay. 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   3:57 
The... 

 
Dickson, Dustin   3:59 
Okay, let me, uh... 
I'll have to work that out. We don't have anything like that today in our department that I'm aware of. So when we get ready, just let me know. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   4:07 
Mm. 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   4:09 
Okay. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   4:10 
Okay, it's all is it's in our checklist already. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   4:14 
Okay. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   4:17 
So, the manual data load, Rodrigo finalized the code, and it's already deployed, so we executed the first run last week, and this week we are going to do it today or maybe tomorrow, but it is, it's ready. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   4:32 
Does the 2FA, does the 2FA bypass? 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   4:33 
So... 

 
Dickson, Dustin   4:39 
Is it from Walmart and Sam's? 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   4:41 
Yes, it is, but we are still waiting for the 2FA bypass approval. So this code gets the data from SharePoint and sends it to Snowflake so we can do all the transformations. Now you can see here in progress that we are developing the bot. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   4:47 
Yeah. Okay. 
Okay. 
I got it. Okay. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   5:02 
So the goal is when the QFA is approved, we can just plug in and all this pipeline will be ready to go. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   5:02 
Okay. 
Da. 
Perfect. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   5:12 
So the JBS we were mentioning in the past two weeks is ready, at least for the first part of the project. And we can have a view of all the tasks and we are more organized right now regarding the tests that we need to do. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   5:28 
Okay. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   5:30 
We also had a knowledge transfer session, the part 3, and that we covered data warehouse, ETL, mappings, and writeback tables. And we have a new session scheduled for this Wednesday, the part 4. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   5:43 
OK, and what is your initial impression of this? 
Process, as well as how it's been developed. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   5:55 
Okay, so regarding the data lake that you asked last week, Rodrigo is going to present in the end of this meeting, his first impressions. We already noticed, for example, inside, that the right back tables are kind of discontinued and... 

 
Dickson, Dustin   5:58 
And. 
Okay. 
Okay. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   6:14 
They're not very user-friendly, so we are thinking about in workaround for that. It's here in the plan for the Walmart. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   6:20 
Thank you. 
Okay. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   6:23 
So we are going to test this new solution using SharePoint and Fivetran, and we can bring some updates for you next week. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   6:29 
Okay. 
But just curious, why do you not like the right-back table? 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   6:37 
There are some reasons we were talking, like for example, they are slow to the user and they are not so user friendly, as I said. And it also depends on click. So by the time you are mentioning we might not use click in the future, we can find a new solution that's more user friendly and does not depend on click sense. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   6:44 
Okay. 
O.K. 
Yeah. 
Okay. 
All right, perfect. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   7:04 
Inside write back tables, you can track which user changed each register. 
But using SharePoint, you still have the versions of the files. So you can also double check who changed some registers. 
Okay. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   7:25 
Okay. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   7:27 
So, in progress right now, as I said, Vitor is working on the Walmart app and waiting for AccountsPayableDoNotUse validation. We are waiting for the approval for the QFA, and we already reflected the WBS on the project board. We are just refining it together. 
Our plan is to make this proof of concept for the SharePoint and Fivetrend solution. 
We are going to do the data load, the manual data load for Walmart and Samples, and have the knowledge transfer part for with Christina and Felipe. I also schedule a conversation with the 42 data labs. 
Consultants is scheduled for this Wednesday as well. I think it's 2.30 P.m. for you. 
So the plan is to map the SAP scope and overlap with our job. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   8:24 
OK. 
One second. 
You said, what day? What day is that on? 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   8:31 
This Wednesday. 
Tomorrow. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   8:36 
Okay. 
You didn't include me on that, correct? You did not? Okay, no problem. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   8:41 
No, I didn't. I didn't. I think, yeah, I think you were not available at that time. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   8:46 
OK. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   8:47 
Okay, but do you want to participate on this one? 

 
Dickson, Dustin   8:51 
No, no, thank you. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   8:52 
Okay. 
So some alignments here regarding the team expansion. We already have some interviews scheduled with the data architect tomorrow and the data engineer on Thursday. I still need to change the time for the data engineer interview because Lili asked me this morning. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   9:14 
Okay. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   9:15 
We need to understand where we are with the MSA and the SOW. I don't know if you already signed these documents or if I need to talk to Lili. What do you think Dustin? 

 
Dickson, Dustin   9:27 
I have not signed them. I just asked her, okay. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   9:32 
I can talk to her if you prefer. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   9:35 
Let me see. Let me ask her real quick. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   9:38 
OK. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   9:40 
Give me one second. 
Okay, let's keep going. She'll respond in a second. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   10:24 
Okay, just one comment on the knowledge transfer. This one will be maybe the most important knowledge transfer session, because it covers the documentation, and there is a lot of information inside the Eiki, and this is... 
is going to help us with the off-boarding process of Khrystyna and Philippe when we talk about Sikana. Okay, so if we have this documentation ready, I think we don't rely on them anymore regarding Sikana. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   10:51 
Okay. 
Yeah. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   11:01 
So we are still waiting for Vitor's Azure DevOps Access. We opened a ticket last week and it's pending manager review. 
I don't know. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   11:10 
Okay, let me look for that one real quick. 
I can get that approved for us. For some reason. Can you get the number by chance? 4643. Okay. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   11:21 
Yes, this one, 643163. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   11:26 
I don't think that one came to me for some reason. 
What is the name of that system? 
Uhh. 
Ohh boy! 
You don't happen to have a link to that ticket, do you? 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   13:02 
Let me connect to the VPN. I think I can. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   13:05 
Okay. If you'll put that in the chat, I'll see if I can get directly to it. For some reason, that's not coming up on my... 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   13:13 
K. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   13:15 
OK, let's keep going. 
Alright, she said she's good to sign the SOW and MSA. Have you already sent me that, Leo? 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   13:19 
The. 
Ohh, I didn't, but I think my team sent it to Lili. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   13:30 
Can you send it to me? 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   13:32 
Yeah, for sure, for sure. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   13:33 
Okay. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   13:36 
Okay, so last topic is it's about me. It's not about the team. We'll be working normally, but my wife is going to be in hospital for a for a small procedure and I'll be out of meetings if that's okay for you. So we can we can do our meeting. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   13:50 
E. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   13:54 
next week or I can send it to you asynchronously like this status as it is right now. 
I just update the information until Thursday or Friday morning and then I send to you. Is that okay? 

 
Dickson, Dustin   14:07 
Let me ask you a question. Would it be okay if we switch our meeting to Mondays instead of Fridays? Fridays are very difficult, and I think that's probably going to be a problem moving forward. What are your thoughts on that? 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   14:20 
I'm okay. It's okay for us. We can talk about the time. 
Later, okay, so we can just organize our agenda. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   14:27 
Right. 
Okay. 
Yeah, I'm mostly free on most Mondays. Friday is difficult. I usually end up getting called into other meetings or... 
other stuff. So if we could, we can look at that. If it doesn't work, we can keep it on Friday. But for this week, if you want to move it to Monday or if you don't have availability Monday, just send the email. That'll be fine. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   14:45 
Okay. 
Okay, what is the best time for you on Monday? 

 
Dickson, Dustin   15:03 
Thanks. How does your time? Where are you at compared to Central Time or Mountain Time? 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   15:11 
We are UTC minus 6, so we are three hours ahead. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   15:17 
That was ahead, OK. 
No. 
I can always do. 
At 9:30 Central. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   15:48 
Thirty. 
Okay. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   15:53 
I'm sorry, 1030 Central. So 930 Mountain, 1030 Central time. 
I can always do that, Tom. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   16:00 
Will be, yeah, 1:30 P.m. for us. OK, OK, for us, no problem. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   16:05 
All right. 
And that URM ticket is under review. I just approved the Azure request. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   16:08 
Rock. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   16:17 
I was looking in help desk, not ERM. That's my fault. 
Okay, so you should, my step is done, it's to IT now, so you should be getting that Azure Access as soon as they get done. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   16:34 
Okay, think of this. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   16:36 
Yeah. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   16:38 
So, Rodrigo, now if you want to present your impressions regarding the data lake. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   17:07 
Rodrigo. 
Thank you. 
He looks froze. 
Think you lost connection. 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   17:20 
My team's just closed out of nowhere. Let me share my screen. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   17:23 
Yeah. 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   17:35 
Can you see my presentation? 

 
Dickson, Dustin   17:37 
Yes. 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   17:41 
So last week, you asked for our first impressions on the JBS data lake. So I could map some known issues and how it impacts reporting. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   17:48 
Yes. 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   17:57 
So on the DBT project, all of the transformations, XSQL files sits under one folder. There is no separation between layers, staging, intermediate, marks, and subfolders. 
For retailers, and this makes debugging, onboarding. 
Tragically slower, slow. 
So if we separate these files between layers, retailers, this could make faster onboarding, easier debugging, navigating. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   18:29 
Yes. 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   18:39 
E. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   18:41 
Rodrigo, this is specifically in Snowflake you're discussing. 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   18:45 
Yes, it's specific on the DBT ETL for store level data. On Sircona, I think that's not a problem. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   18:47 
Okay. 
Okay. 
Okay. 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   19:02 
And for the next problem. 
Da. 
For all the staging tables, we just get whatever comes from the raw reports. 
E. 
And if something changes upstream. 
This could affect the reports showing wrong numbers silently. 
So my proposed solution is to develop a schema contract that we explicitly list every column. 
rename all columns to match. 
The name standard for the for all retailers. 
and test every column so that prevents. 
this problem to affect downstream reports. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   20:00 
Yes. 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   20:02 
And... 
Another problem that we are currently facing for AccountsPayableDoNotUse and for our retailers. 
There is a separation between fact tables and dimension tables, but those dimension tables are not currently being used because the fact tables has all of the descriptive attributes. So how does that affect the reports? 
If we have all the descriptive columns on the fact tables, this make the dashboards slow. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   20:39 
Okay. 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   20:40 
E. 
This could be a big problem whenever the reports increase in volume. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   20:50 
Hey. 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   20:50 
So if we separate between the... 
Tech tables has all the metrics, and the dimension tables has this all of the descriptive columns. This can make... 
Costs reduce all of the costs and make the queries and dashboards a lot of a lot faster. 
And... 
We can track all of the dimension changes for the mapping tables. 
E. 
That this exists on all of the retailers. 
For example, we don't have a date dimensional table, and all of the weeks, year, quarters are being calculated on click. But we would like to move these transformations that happens on click to a snowflake. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   21:49 
Okay. 
It in the in Snowflake. 
There are calendars in Snowflake today, right, that you could leverage. 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   22:03 
Yes, I think exists a calendar table on SAP, but I would like to confirm that. 
The data calculations are happening on click. 
So we would like to use a dimensional data table to make everything happen on the snowflake side and not on the click. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   22:26 
OK. 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   22:30 
And the last issue is that everything is being materialized as stable. 
And that is not a DBT best practice because... 
Every time the bit runs, it materializes every table, and this... 
This score trends with a high view on the compute side of Snowflake. 
So, we would like to move staging tables, intermediate tables to views, so we not so it doesn't build on everyone. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   23:03 
Okay. 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   23:11 
and reserve the table materializations for the march tables. So pack tables, dimension tables, materializes, and staging and intermediate tables use only views. So this could reduce the Snowflake compute costs, storage costs, and have faster builds. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   23:17 
This. 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   23:35 
And everything that I'm talking right now, there is a JBS documentation that has all of the best practices. So everything is documented. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   23:50 
From our side, everything's documented. 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   23:51 
Sorry. 
Yes, from the IT team, Harry has everything documented and the store level data pipeline is just not following those best practices. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   23:55 
No. 
Okay. 
Da. 
Yeah, okay. What about Circana? Is it following those best practices? 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   24:13 
We had a meeting last week with Felipe, Khrystyna, and for the first phase, they are just migrating everything. So it doesn't follow all best practices. But Felipe said that it would be the next steps. 
For to kind of. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   24:33 
Got it. 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   24:37 
So the pipeline works, but it's just not following best practices right now. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   24:45 
Got it. This is helpful. 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   24:45 
So we would like to, yes. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   24:49 
So, when we Lili is in... 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   24:50 
Okay. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   24:54 
Just so we're clear, those comments are excellent in terms of perception for me of what's going on. I'm assuming Lili is already somewhat aware of these concerns or these issues. We were trying to run at a pace that was probably causing this and also... 
not supervising this side of the project as well as the Circona side and as well as the other pieces of the project. But she comes back June 22nd. Should we work on these things prior to her return or what do you guys see? 
Should we, should we, what I'm asking you is, should we have Lili join a meeting before her return specifically around these concerns in our plan to address? Or should we wait till she returns so that she can work directly with you guys? Because 
She's gonna be the owner of our side of this part with you guys, not me. So, Leo, do you have thoughts on that? 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   25:53 
But. 
Yes, I do. I think we can wait on Lili's return. Okay, we don't need to call her before that. Let me show you the plan that we have to be clear for you. Just one second. Okay. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   26:03 
Okay. 
Okay. 
Yeah. 
Rodrigo, could you share that PowerPoint with me? 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   26:18 
Yes. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   26:19 
Okay. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   26:20 
Okay, so just... 

 
Dickson, Dustin   26:21 
And I can share that with Lili with her personal account. She doesn't have an email account right now, so. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   26:30 
Right, so this thing, that's why I think we don't need to call it it. We have these deliverables here. We split the project into 5 deliverables. That would be the store market data, US market sales, and internal sales. And then we have the GTM consolidated app and the final documentation. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   26:36 
Okay. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   26:52 
here. Okay, so here we have all the small tasks. For example, inside foundation, we want to create an as-is map that shows how's the pipeline right now. And the second work package here is the 2B map. What is the ideal scenario for the pipeline? 

 
Dickson, Dustin   26:53 
Okay. 
Okay. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   27:12 
And then we can act on the on the other W piece, so the third one, for example, is the refactor to align with the JBS best practices. Okay, so we are already we are already expecting to act on this on this one, and it reflects on the board. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   27:12 
Yes. 
OK. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   27:33 
Like this, let me just change the screen. 
So here we have the first deliverable and all the tasks inside with responsible person, the status, and with the transcriptions we comment on every one of this. Okay, so for example, the Twilio approval, it's blocked because it's... 

 
Dickson, Dustin   27:50 
Perfect. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   27:58 
It depends on the security team. Here the manual mapping is the POC regarding the SharePoint and the Fivetran to replace the write pack tables. It's in progress right now. Rodrigo is doing it. We have the descriptions inside. So this way we can keep track of all the tasks and it's all documented. Okay, so I don't think. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   28:08 
Da. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   28:20 
We need to call it before the date. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   28:24 
Okay. And what about, so when you look at that, can you share that again real quick, Leo? The one you just, the... 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   28:31 
Which one? 

 
Dickson, Dustin   28:34 
the screen you just had up, the calendar. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   28:39 
This one? 

 
Dickson, Dustin   28:40 
Yes, so if you go in there to that one and it says for the store market data or store market data, whatever we, whatever SMD stands for, the DBT project refactored to align with JBS best practice. That line item there is in background. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   28:53 
Uh-huh. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   28:59 
Clock, but I see there that you've estimated one to two days. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   29:04 
Yes, yes, that's it. One to two days, the initial size estimate. It's in backlog because we are focused on the other tests that I mentioned. And I'm still updating this board with this new tests. But for example, we are going to talk in a few hours again. We have an internal meeting schedule. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   29:06 
Yep. 
Okay. 
Okay. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   29:25 
And maybe we will bring this up to ready to start or already in progress. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   29:30 
Okay. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   29:32 
And maybe the size is going to change depending on the documentation and the state of the DBT right now, but this is the first estimate. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   29:40 
Okay. So that's just an, yeah, that's just an initial estimate. It may grow. I was just wondering if that was the real estimate, because it seems like to me it may take longer than that, but okay. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   29:52 
Yeah, maybe, maybe. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   29:55 
All right. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   29:55 
Okay. 
So that's it, that's our status and that's the plan. I'm going to move our next meeting for Monday as expected. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   29:59 
The. 
Okay, let me share one thing with you guys and maybe you can help me here. 
So, when I look at, I'm using, you guys may be familiar with this, whatever this is, can't remember what they call this. 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   30:24 
VS Code or... 

 
Dickson, Dustin   30:25 
Yes, VS Code, you got it. And I've got Snowflake connected to it and I've got Claude connected to it. Okay. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   30:33 
Nice. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   30:35 
What I want to understand, you guys know better than me at this point, is when I'm looking at the Cicana data and I look at the tables. 
Is one of the concerns that you just brought up that... 
E. 
I guess my question more so is, there is category level data, meaning that's the total sales by category that include that, and then there's product level data, right? Which the product label level data is is does not sum up to the category level data, correct? 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   31:15 
Yes. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   31:15 
Are you guys aware of that issue or that that? 
The way that works in our in Circono. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   31:27 
Yes, we are aware of the difference already and it's already mapped to investigate the reason. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   31:33 
The reason is... 
Circana does not have UPC level data. 
for all products. They only have UPC level data for products that the retailer or the... 
that they are allowed to give us. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   31:55 
Uh-huh. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   31:56 
There are certain UPCs we are not allowed to receive. 
But the category roll up includes the pounds and dollars from those, even the ones that we're not able to receive. So the category level should be a higher number than the sum of all of the UPCs. Does that make sense? 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   32:15 
Yeah. 
Yes, it makes, and it's not happening right now. Yeah, I remember in the knowledge transfer that the these numbers were inverted. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   32:22 
Yeah. 
Correct. We were seeing discrepancies, right? That's a different, that's a different issue. But my question, guys, is what should I expect when I come in here and I open up based on what you've seen as best practices and what you guys believe are the right way to do it? When I open up Sir kind of IRI, or should I even have a folder 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   32:29 
Yeah. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   32:48 
For Circona IRI. 
Or should this say retail market data, right? I'm just brainstorming here, but not retail. Yeah, retail market data. I think Circana is, yeah, Circana is retail. So, and then I see a calendar in here. I see the weeks, I see geographies. All of these are dimension tables, right? And then these are fact tables. 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   33:04 
Okay. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   33:15 
Huh? 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   33:16 
Yes. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   33:17 
And this calendar. 
Could be we, we may should not, we might not should have a calendar specific to Circana. Do you agree? 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   33:32 
I agree, but I think this calendar data comes from the shared databases from Circana. It's not specific to JBS. I think it could have some information from... 

 
Dickson, Dustin   33:44 
Okay. 
I got it. Okay. 
Gotcha. 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   33:53 
JBS, but. 
I believe the most of the information comes from Turkana. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   34:00 
Okay. I got you. So there may be room for a calendar at the JBS level and then a calendar at Circono level, depending on if there's value there, right? 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   34:13 
Yes, it depends on the use case. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   34:14 
Okay. 
Got it. So if I look at the fact tables here and I look at Zircono, right, then there's this Zircono raw. Is this what we're discussing as the different layers and how they're named? 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   34:32 
Part the different layers I mentioned on the DBT side, you might not, you don't see that on Snowflake. It's on on the only on the Azure DevOps repositories. It's most. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   34:46 
Meaning, this to kind of raw would not be showing on the data lake side. 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   34:47 
Da. 
These all of these folders you're seeing, it's from Snowflake. The best practices I mentioned, it's on the DBT side. It doesn't show up on the on Snowflake specific. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   34:56 
Okay. 
Okay. 
Okay. So, but for instance, you mentioned an issue with the store level data, right? The store level data is messy. So where would I, so for instance, this Kroger piece is 1 instance of store level, right? 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   35:07 
But. 
Yes. 
Mm. 
Mm. 
Open the legacy PPC folder. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   35:33 
Okay. 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   35:38 
Let us see. 
Star level data. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   35:48 
Oops, sorry. One second. 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   35:48 
labels. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   35:52 
OK. 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   35:54 
So, as you can see, the tables doesn't have doesn't follow the same naming conventions. 
E. 
And all of this, all of this is being materialized as tables, so for the int int tables, it's intermediate, it doesn't. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   36:05 
Got it. 
Got it. 
Yeah. 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   36:16 
Da user. 
Doesn't need to see that. 
So the final snowflake user only sees the dimension and fact tables. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   36:29 
Okay. 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   36:30 
You can see the EBSCO follows a FCT prefix convention, and Costco follows only F prefix, so it doesn't follow the naming conventions, intermediate tables, changing tables shouldn't exist as tables on Snowflake. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   36:31 
SAP. 
Got it. 
Okay. 
So if I look at Snowflake, so if I was to use this as, I'm trying to get to what should I expect as if I'm a user of particularly Claude or this platform, right, or a similar platform. When I go into Snowflake and I connect to Snowflake, what? 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   37:06 
Is. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   37:11 
I would expect to see is just the dimensions and facts table fact tables for Circana, correct? 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   37:18 
Yes, correct. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   37:20 
Okay. So when I look at Zhyrovetska, I ran this query of basically take a brand analysis in frozen fully cooked chicken and show me a pricing comparison. And this is what it returned. 
In. 
Where I, what I meant, what in bringing this up regarding is on your Leo, on your plan, you have the consolidated application that we're discussing for Qlik Sense, correct? 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   37:58 
Yes, Greg. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   38:00 
You do not have currently a project regarding something like this, right? 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   38:07 
Not like this, but we are planning on working on the different layers. So we're working on the browse layer, silver layer, and gold layer. And the final user is going to access, ideally, just the gold layer with the dimensions and effects. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   38:26 
Okay. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   38:27 
All documented, and so he will be able to use Cloud to to read this data. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   38:34 
Okay, so on the project of the consolidated app, okay, the Qlik Sense consolidated app. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   38:40 
Okay. 
All right. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   38:44 
I would prefer that we do not do anymore work on that, and instead we shift to how do we, how do we... 
Blueprint and document a solution that would achieve the same goal, potentially not using click or using click and something else versus going further with the current dashboard. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   39:05 
Mhm. 
OK. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   39:13 
In addition to that, so bottom line is we just need to change the name of that project from a consolidated dashboard to 
Total sales analytics or something something more broad where it's not limited to a dashboard in Qlik Sense, if that makes sense. We need to rebrand that that part of the project. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   39:30 
Okay, perfect. Yeah. 
Okay, that's perfect. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   39:36 
And... 
In combination with that, I got a request two weeks, or last week when I was in Greeley, specifically around our prepared foods profit and loss analysis. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   39:50 
Mhm. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   39:51 
undetermined on whether we're going to do that in click or whether we do that some other way. But what I do know is we will need to start probably within the next two to three weeks meeting with that user community and understanding exactly how they do that profit. 
and loss analysis. 
What they're doing is combining both SAP data, but they're basically doing a profit and loss by SKU. 
Byproduct. 
We have some documentation, I think, from Christina on this, and we've even done some work on loading the output of their Excel documentation into Click. But we need to probably start from the beginning and go through their entire process of running reports out of SAP, merging those with Excel spreadsheets that they manage, 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   40:22 
Okay. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   40:47 
pulling data from other sources. We need to go through and document all of that because so bottom line is we need a we need a lane specific to the profit and loss project. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   40:52 
Yeah. 
Okay. 
Okay, perfect. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   41:05 
And that's why I discussed bringing on another engineer, potentially, right? 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   41:10 
Yeah. 
Mhm. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   41:12 
Now, we, I don't know if we look at what I would stress now is, is if we look at the entire platform and then we look at all of the different areas we have in progress, we need to determine how much can we actually do with the resources we have available, even if we add 
to more resources, right? And we need to prioritize accordingly, okay? So I know that we're not going to do that today, but at the end of the day, I think we need to get the buckets correct so that we can make sure we reflect in your documentation exactly 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   41:37 
Yeah. 
Yeah. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   41:53 
the projects that I think we really need to staff and execute on. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   41:58 
Yes, yes, perfect. Okay, I agree with you that it's good that we restart the conversations with the stakeholders so we can understand their workflow. And there might be some overlaps between the P&L report and the data that we are working on right now. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   41:59 
Okay. 
Yes. 
There will be overlaps in regards to the sale internal sales data, and then there will be overlaps in terms of what the other team, Ian's team, is doing regarding cost. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   42:26 
Mhm. 
Yeah, okay. So they are not working with the internal sales data. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   42:35 
OK, so... 
Who? 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   42:42 
Ian, Ian and James. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   42:44 
They should be, yes, they are. And they're the ones that originally developed that. And then they are using it for a different use case of internal benchmarking. But what we're beginning to see is internal benchmarking, this P&L analysis, and then just general sales performance. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   42:46 
Okay. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   43:05 
Are all overlapping to some degree, OK? 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   43:07 
Yeah, yeah, makes sense. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   43:11 
So that's why I wanted to earlier on introduce you guys because I know when we get all of this documented and once we get past some of these cleanup exercises in the knowledge transfer, we're going to need to work much closer and determine some of this stuff. 
Leo, we may look at and say, okay, the P&L may be better suited to go to the other 42 data labs. And because we may not have the bandwidth on this team right now to do that. And plus, they're already doing work in that lane. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   43:43 
Mm. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   43:47 
that overlaps. So we just need to balance the two because as I begin to look at all of these things and all of the work that we're doing, and then what I would love to do is make sure that we leave enough bandwidth on the 42 data labs and Ian's team and enough bandwidth on the BIC's team 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   43:48 
Mhm. 
Yeah. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   44:06 
that we can look at Claude and other tools and we're not filling our pipeline so full that we have no ability to look at anything outside of that. Does that make sense? I want to leave a little bit of room for growth, right? Because what I'd like to have is some dedicated resources or 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   44:18 
Yes, it does. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   44:26 
at least some dedicated time from the whole BICS team to start to run analysis like I just did, where I just asked for a pricing comparison. Because to me, unlocking that as we go is going to be very helpful for us to push forward, because you're going to begin to understand what we're trying to get out of this information inside there. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   44:36 
Yeah. 
Okay. 
Yeah, okay, perfect. That would make sense. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   44:52 
And if we, yeah, if we feel the pipeline so full on your side that we've got projects that are going for the next six months, we'll never get to this part. And I think that's going to not serve us well in the end if we don't leave some room for us to do this. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   45:07 
Okay. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   45:09 
Now, if that means adding more resources on both teams, we may end up having to do that. But that's why I strongly encourage us to think about, you know, you've mentioned 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   45:09 
Okay. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   45:23 
You've mentioned that Vitor could help us now, but let's make sure we have enough to handle all of the requests. I'd love to see us shift away from building dashboards and more towards this, but we're not there yet. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   45:39 
Yeah, okay. Yeah, now we are just using click for validation as expected, right? So we are not spending too much energy building dashboards. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   45:43 
Yep. 
Yep. 
Correct. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   45:49 
We're just, we're just making sure the data is correct. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   45:49 
But if we... 
Right, so, and I'm assuming, correct me if I'm wrong. 
As we finish up or as we validate the store level data, Vitor's availability is going to free up. Is that true or do we have? 
Do we have the... 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   46:09 
Sorry. 
Can you repeat the last part, please? 

 
Dickson, Dustin   46:11 
Da. 
Yeah, but when we get to more validation or when we get past the store level data validation, right, and we clean up the store level data and we've migrated over at that point, correct me if I'm wrong, but Vitor is on for click development. Is that accurate? 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   46:30 
Yes, it is. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   46:32 
So if we take, and if we're not doing as much click development, you've mentioned that we could use Vitor to help us with some of these use cases we've discussed using Claude and other things, right? 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   46:43 
Yes, right. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   46:44 
So I think I need to understand from you guys, when do we think Vitor will be available to do that so that I can prepare my internal teams and myself to work alongside Vitor on some of these use cases. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   47:01 
Okay, we're going to do some planning and then I'll pass you this day, okay? 

 
Dickson, Dustin   47:06 
Okay, sounds good. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   47:08 
All right. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   47:10 
All right, and the only other question I had, one second. 
When I go into this data in Surcona today, you may not be able to answer this right now, but when I look at this data, what I said was, at the very beginning of this was, and I wanted to get your input, I said, use these tables, which was in this screenshot, the calendar, the week. 
The geography, the product, so basically use all the dimension tables. 
And the this table right here. 
To compare Just Bear and Pilgrim's brand pricing to the competition, both base price and promo. 
And be sure to use the UPC level data to do this comparison. 
Is this how I should? Is this how I should be interfacing with this tool, in your opinion, or what could I do better? 
To get the desired results. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   48:16 
Yeah, in my opinion, you are right the way you were using, but... 
Claude, maybe. 
Should have. 
Have a proper documentation to know where he should look for the data, so you you you shouldn't need to describe the tables that he needs to console, OK? 

 
Dickson, Dustin   48:31 
Okay. 
Got it. 
Yeah, I got it. 
But, but isn't that the semantic layer? 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   48:44 
Uhh... 
Yes? 

 
Dickson, Dustin   48:47 
Okay, so that's what we're lacking here in our day in our snowflake environment, correct? 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   48:47 
Yes. 
Yeah. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   48:56 
To be able to, but because I don't have that, using this this way. 
In your opinion, maybe you guys don't know yet, but in your opinion, should it have yielded the right results if I use that table for UPC, or is there a different table for UPC level data? 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   49:18 
I'm not sure here, Dustin. Rodrigo don't know if you can help me with the details. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   49:21 
Okay. 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   49:25 
I'm not sure about... 

 
Dickson, Dustin   49:27 
Okay. 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   49:29 
I think Felipe could help you with that. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   49:31 
Okay. Felipe would help me. Okay. And so, just so you guys, I know we're almost out of time, but I want to show you this. This is how I'm interfacing with now. So keep this in mind if you can keep this in mind when we're doing, you know, all of the planning and everything, but we're missing that semantic layer. And then when I 
Work through this, I came through and it gave me an initial. 
Output, and then... 
Let's see here. I then refined the query and said, remove US Moolah geography and narrow down to fully cooked chicken only. 
and take out private label brands. 
And then that's when it returned. 
this level of analysis. So it's saying just bear has 10 UPCs, oops, it's 16% of the frozen fully cooked market. 
And 9% of the time we're discounted. 
I don't know what the negative 9%, but... 
So I only show you this to show you this is what I'm trying to do with this. This is 1 use case I'm trying to use this tool for. 
This may go without, this may go without saying to you guys, but this is our pricing. This is our pricing analysis. This is what we do today. If I can replicate this in this environment, we will need to build no dashboard. The users that I have that do this analysis 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   50:56 
Okay. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   51:17 
We wouldn't build a dashboard in Click, put it that way, or we may use this to determine what the requirements are for Click. But I asked the question to our IT team, Marcio, specifically, like, can we publish a website without having Click? Can we handle that internally with our security? And he said yes, because 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   51:23 
Yeah. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   51:38 
All of the security is on the Snowflake SAP. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   51:42 
Mhm. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   51:43 
So if I generated a dash, a website with this information. 
I look at that as a replacement to click. Now, I don't know all the specifics. You guys are the experts. I don't know all the specifics around the security or how it refreshes or how you host a website or how you publish a website and all of those things, right? 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   52:04 
Mhm. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   52:05 
But this is where we're trying to be. I want to be able to give the user a set of dashboards in a website and then give them a chat bot where they can interface with the data just like this. I understand there's a security layer and I understand that in order to do this with an end user beyond myself, they can't be querying based on tables. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   52:16 
Okay. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   52:26 
Right? There needs to be some sort of semantic layer in there. They can use common language. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   52:27 
Mhm. 
Exactly. 
Da, yeah, okay. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   52:35 
I'm trying to, that's where we're trying to go, OK? 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   52:38 
No, perfect. Dustin, we will keep this in mind and I will schedule that workshop as well as soon as possible. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   52:44 
OK, alright. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   52:45 
that we can cover this content. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   52:47 
I appreciate it, guys. I'm out of time. I know you're out of time as well, so thank you. Let me know if you need anything else. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   52:54 
Thank you very much, Dustin. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   52:56 
All right, have a good day. Bye bye. 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   52:56 
Thank you, Dustin. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   52:56 
Bye bye, guys. 

 
Da Costa, Vitor Hugo   52:57 
Thank you. 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   52:58 
Bye. 

 
Da Costa, Vitor Hugo stopped transcription 
