BIX  JBS  Weekly Status-20260601_123843-Meeting Transcript 

June 1, 2026, 3:38PM 

30m 24s 

 
Contezini, Leonardo started transcription 

 
Dickson, Dustin   0:03 
need to figure out how to, and again, Leo, I'm not sure, the scope of work is, the way that I read it earlier, is open to any new projects, right? It doesn't have to be just the store market data, because once those are validated, I think we'll be almost to a point where that's complete. 
or at least at a point where we can move to the next thing. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   0:25 
Yeah. 
Yes, yes, makes sense. We are already looking forward to work with Suchla and internal sales. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   0:37 
Okay, and let's put the NPD on there as well. So one thing I think we should, okay, one thing that I would like to see us have is a list that we look at weekly in addition to just this side, and maybe you already have it, but all of the different areas of the sales that we need to integrate into Snowflake and then ultimately 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   0:38 
Right. 
Yes, it is. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   1:01 
Either to Qlik or something else. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   1:04 
Okay, so just to make sure, you want a clear vision of our plan, is that correct? 

 
Dickson, Dustin   1:11 
Yes, we're mainly just so that we have one place to look at all of the different data sources and the vision for each data source that we have today. So right now we're talking about mainly the store market data, right? Because that was the original 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   1:18 
Mhm. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   1:30 
scope and we've made progress there, but we need one slide where we have all of it listed so that we can cover any progress we can make on each piece and what the priority is on each piece. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   1:42 
Okay, okay, yeah, it makes sense. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   1:44 
And Khrystyna may already have something like this, and if you want me to, I can ask her for that before you create something new. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   1:54 
No, actually, I don't think we need it. We have already mapped the tasks for Siricana and internal sales and NPD in our WBS. And Khrystyna also made some documents to each project, and it's already in our repository. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   2:03 
Okay. 
Okay. 
Okay. 
Okay, then I would add one more. That is the P&L that we spoke about last week. That one is going to probably be coming quickly, like early as next week, as far as some requirements and some better understanding of what is required there. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   2:21 
Yeah. 
Mm-hmm. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   2:33 
You know, and then I believe that the data architect is signed up, and maybe you're going to cover this in a minute, but on June 22nd, and then Lili comes back then, that's when I think we can really ramp up a lot of this stuff. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   2:42 
Yeah. 
That's it. 
Yeah, yeah, so we had interviews with the data architect and the data engineer last week. Lili liked both, but we are going to begin with the data architect, Felipe, on June 22nd, as you said. The data engineer, she wants to talk to... 

 
Dickson, Dustin   2:51 
Okay. 
Yeah. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   3:08 
a couple more resources before deciding and she wants to decide it when she comes back on the June 22nd as well. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   3:15 
Okay. And the new, the architect is named Felipe as well? 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   3:22 
Yes, yes. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   3:23 
So now we have two. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   3:25 
And you know what? The data engineer is Leonardo. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   3:29 
Nice. And the next guy will be named Rodrigo. So. All right. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   3:30 
Da. 
Yeah. 
No. 
Hope we don't find another Dustin. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   3:41 
Right, exactly. Good luck with that. We don't need to Dustin. So, okay. So on the MSA and SOW, I sent that over to our legal team today. So I'm going to have her, our legal team review just the language on it. But as long as she's good, I reviewed it quickly. I'm good with it. I may have Lili look at them as well. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   3:46 
Yeah. 
If. 
Okay. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   4:04 
But I'll get that done as fast as possible. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   4:07 
Okay. 
Dustin, about the P&L, do you want me to start some discovery sessions with the users or should I wait? 

 
Dickson, Dustin   4:17 
I told them when I met with them a week ago, or let's see, it would be two weeks before we would start, and I'll be in Greeley next week, so that would probably be a good time to start those discussions is next week. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   4:31 
Okay. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   4:32 
That way I can be on site and help facilitate some of those conversations. I can, as an action item, I can give you a list of contacts that we will start with. That way we can probably create a meeting for next week. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   4:37 
Perfect, okay. 
What? 
Okay, deal. 
So, that's it, Dustin. Let me know if you need anything else this week, okay? 

 
Dickson, Dustin   4:55 
Let me. 
Okay, let me go back here to the week I was there and give me one second and I can give you those contacts now. 
And I can give you... 
I'll put them in the chat here, Leonardo. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   5:25 
OK. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   5:28 
So, that person there... 
Is the division controller? 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   5:35 
Okay. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   5:39 
No. 
You can find these roles in Outlook; you guys have Access. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   5:45 
Uh-huh. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   5:47 
Yeah, and then let's give you the next one. 
Now, the one guy here on this that I'm sending you, this last guy here, he's the leadership sponsor for this. 
He's actually not the head of marketing. He's called a category. 
Director. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   6:31 
Uh-huh. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   6:33 
He's going to be the leadership sponsor. He's the one pushing for us to get off spreadsheets and this process. The rest are our stakeholders. Jacob, Marcio, and let me see if I can find one other person we're missing here. 
Certainly. 
Give me one second to find the other person. 
And then, Jacob. 
Weatherly on my team is gonna be another contact. 
Jacob reports to me. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   7:41 
Okay. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   7:44 
Let me find one more. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   7:44 
I've talked to him already regarding the cost of credentials. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   7:46 
Yeah. 
Yeah, and I really need to get him more. He's been focused on our CRM project. I really need to get him more engaged with you guys because he's the one that'll probably most likely take over the sales role that leads this initiative. And that way he can be closer to you guys and 
You guys won't have to wait on me for everything. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   8:08 
OK. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   8:14 
Okay. 
So... 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   8:38 
Are you going to send me more contacts? 

 
Dickson, Dustin   8:40 
Yeah, one more. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   8:42 
OK. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   8:46 
Alright, there you go, the last one. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   8:50 
Mhm. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   8:56 
Do you have a list, Leo, in your PowerPoint of those projects? Or can we share your, so I can have a look at the list you have, the P&L and NPD, Circana, store market data. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   9:14 
Mm. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   9:14 
Oh, and the data coming back from Dynamics, our CRM system. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   9:25 
So, do you want me to share? 

 
Dickson, Dustin   9:26 
It. 
Yes, do you have, do you, I was wondering, do you have anything that lists those or that you have in your? 
Your project management system. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   9:38 
I do, but I don't have the CRM here because, yeah, it was not with us before, right? So... 

 
Dickson, Dustin   9:42 
Okay. 
So let's go ahead and put that in there. I don't have that as a, that's, they're creating the data mart in, or they're creating the API to bring the data back to Snowflake. 
Not sure which team is working on that. I can find out from Jacob. I think it's our internal BI team, but I'm not sure. But that's another one. What I'm trying to give you is all of the things that are wrapped around the sales side of our organization so that you have the full scope of what we're doing. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   10:01 
Mhm. 
Uh-huh. 
Yeah, yeah, okay. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   10:20 
So I would add that and what that CRM system, the first stage of that, which is our sales operations part of CRM, that will be the sales pipeline. So all of the perspective sales that we have out in the field that have not yet 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   10:20 
Next. 
Uh-huh. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   10:40 
Have not yet bought yet, so it hasn't come through SAP yet, so that's all of our CRM system and and the perspective sales from our sales teams. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   10:48 
But this CRM information is going to be inside the total sales analytics, right? I still need to change this name here. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   10:55 
It will. 
Uh, okay, so that's a yeah, so that GTM consolidated app. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   10:59 
But that's the that's the idea. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   11:05 
That's going to be, and maybe that's a good discussion point, because I think we need to think about it in terms of data sources versus output, right? So when I think of this project, I think of the data sources being the market data, which is NPD and Circana. I think of the 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   11:12 
Uh-huh. 
This. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   11:26 
Store market data, which is all the customers. I think of the internal sales in SAP. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   11:26 
Sure. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   11:32 
I think of the CRM system as our sales pipeline. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   11:37 
Mhm. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   11:39 
And then there's a couple, one other piece that's called Blacksmith that we don't have integrated to the, well, it actually is integrated to the data lake and flowing to our dynamic system, but we've not done any. 
Analytics, so I'm going to just put that one in there. Blacksmith. 
is another place where we manage our... 
We manage our sales programs like rebate programs and things like that. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   12:13 
Uh-huh. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   12:15 
The GTM consolidated app is the output. So that's what we were calling the Qliks app. And then the P&L would need to be added here. So I would suggest that we structure it in a way of data inputs versus outputs. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   12:18 
Yeah. 
Yeah, not an app, but a unified pipeline, right? 

 
Dickson, Dustin   12:33 
Yeah, or to me, that consolidated app is really the consolidated analytics. That could be both Snow, that could be both Qlik Sense and Claude or anything else we do. It's not unique to any individual data source. So we'd be using all these data sources to create a consolidated analytics platform. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   12:39 
Mhm. 
Yeah, yeah, it's clear for us. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   12:58 
Okay, so the ones that we're missing are in it's let me edit this one right here. 
is the Microsoft Dynamics CRM system. 
This would be integrated. They're working on the integration of that to Snowflake now. 
And then the blacksmith, blacksmith, which would be a future thing, but I believe we have some of that data already in Dynamics. I mean, sorry, already in Snowflake. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   13:36 
Okay. 
Mhm. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   13:39 
But that's the map that I really want to see, Leo, is where we look at all of the data sources and the content coming from each data source, and then it all goes to Snowflake. And then the 2B would be how do we visualize that in a application. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   13:39 
Okay. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   13:59 
So it'll be probably a combination of Claude and Qlik Sense or Copilot, Claude, Qlik Sense, Snowflake, Cortex, all of those options, right? But we're not sure on how we're going to, we'll start with Qlik Sense because that's what we have available, but I think we will grow past that. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   14:00 
Yeah. 
Yeah. 
Mhm. 
But you mentioned you, you have Cortex subscriptions already, right? So... 

 
Dickson, Dustin   14:26 
That's the understanding I have from our BI team, yes. Evidently, you guys probably have it too, based on your licensing with what you already have access to. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   14:31 
Mmh. 
Mm. 
Yeah. Yeah, so I understand that I am going to insert here the CRM and blacksmith. Okay, the NPG is here. This app basically is going to become like a unified pipeline or something. We are going to define. 
Da. 
The medallion structure. OK, we're going to to. 
When inside the 2B map, which data is going to be inside the gold? 
The goal, what's the term? 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   15:17 
Later. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   15:17 
They go later, yes. Thank you, Rodrigo, and then you can access this data with the Cortex, with Claude, or with the Qlik apps we are going to build, if that's the case. OK. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   15:19 
Yeah. 
Greg. 
Greg. 
So in my mind, you have all of the data integrations and getting to the gold layer. Those are individual projects per data source, right? As one, and that's one data project to get all of the data in Snowflake procured and connected, right? How we visualize that in Qlik and... 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   15:46 
Mhm. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   15:50 
other tools, that to me is the consolidated analytics and that will incorporate all of those data sources. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   15:54 
Yes. 
Understood, understood. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   16:00 
But like I said, I think from what I see on your list right here, we're missing Microsoft Dynamics CRM system and Blacksmith. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   16:08 
Correct. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   16:09 
And the and the P&L. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   16:12 
Yes, correct. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   16:13 
OK. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   16:15 
Okay. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   16:15 
So, and that's what I mean, Leo, is that if we have a diagram that just simply says, here's our inputs, here's the output, right? Here's the inputs, here's how we architect it to go into Snowflake, and then here Qlik and Cortex and 
Potentially, Claude could be our output, but just having that visualization to come back to every week, we can cover each one of those that way, if that makes sense. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   16:43 
Okay, it makes sense. I will try to show you this new structure next week, okay? 

 
Dickson, Dustin   16:48 
OK, sounds good. No rush. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   16:51 
Okay. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   16:51 
I just want to make sure this is the reason why I bring that up today is because these are kind of been worked on by Advantis, Felipe's been involved, 42 Data Labs been involved, but I would like to secure that Bix now owns this whole area of the business. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   17:09 
Yes, no, I totally understand. It needs an honor, right? 

 
Dickson, Dustin   17:13 
Yes, and we need to, it'll help me justify the bringing on of additional resources in this lane if we see the total scope. Does that make sense? 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   17:23 
Yeah, makes total sense. You can count on me. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   17:26 
Okay. 
Alright. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   17:29 
Okay, I think that's it, Dustin. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   17:32 
Okay, that's all I have. I appreciate it. So this week, Leo, you're working on the 2D map. I know. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   17:35 
All right. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   17:43 
What's his name? Vitor is out, right? So we're waiting on validation and we're working on the 2B mapping for just the... 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   17:46 
Mhm. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   17:58 
Market data or all of the scopes? 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   18:02 
We are going to begin with the market data. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   18:05 
Okay. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   18:06 
So, for example, let me show you real quick here. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   18:07 
If... 
Yeah, help me get some context of what's going on this week. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   18:11 
Uhh. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   18:13 
Context of what's going on this week. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   18:15 
For example, it's we are still reviewing it, but here is the as-is map. OK. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   18:20 
Okay. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   18:21 
So we have here, for example, the directory of each client, the account link to FA, every detail that we need. 
Then we have the source, the raw DB table, the staging history, then the last week. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   18:30 
Okay, I like it. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   18:38 
And then we have intermediate views, all split by colors. For example, you can see, it's easy to visualize the fact tables, the dimension tables, and the Qlik tables. You can see that the Qlik tables, we just have the facts for each client. So that's what we need to work on. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   18:54 
Okay. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   18:58 
So we began with the store market data, but we want to build the same for Circana, NPG, internal sales and everything. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   19:05 
Awesome. 
Okay, and that would give us a roadmap for any opportunities we need to address in terms of how they were built, but it would also, and then ultimately, as a to-be state, correct? 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   19:19 
Exactly, yes. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   19:21 
Okay, and so Rodrigo built this. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   19:24 
Yes, yes, so you go build this. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   19:25 
Okay. And the decisions we made in terms of the structure here are based on the input we got from the BI team on how JBS best practice, correct? 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   19:37 
It's inside here, but there are more details that we are working on. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   19:39 
Yeah. 
Okay, I love it. This looks great. This is what I always ask for. And I don't think we had something like this from Advantis. Is that accurate? 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   19:53 
Yeah, yeah, it's accurate. It's not like in a unified place, it's... 

 
Dickson, Dustin   19:56 
Okay. 
Correct. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   20:00 
Yeah. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   20:01 
Okay, so I think what I would like to do too is show this to the 42 data labs team when we get a little bit further along and ask them, do they have similar documentation for their areas? If not, I would like to use this as best practice for them to follow as well so that we 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   20:11 
Mhm. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   20:20 
As we begin to overlap, it's consistent, if that makes sense. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   20:24 
It makes sense, yes. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   20:26 
Okay. All right. This is great. Thank you. So, we'll start on, we'll complete this or look to complete this for the store market data. But if we have time, we'll be looking at NPD and Circana and others, right? 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   20:34 
Yes. 
Yes, that's it. We're going to expand the as-is map and also the to-be map. First we need to expand the as-is map, of course. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   20:45 
Okay. 
Okay, and in the meantime, I can get something scheduled for next week on P&L. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   20:54 
Okay, this week I also want to talk to Marcio and my team regarding resources and also regarding the workshop that I mentioned. So we might be talking in the next few days. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   20:55 
All right. 
Okay, I'm concerned a little bit. Lili brought up that Marcio wants to share the data architect. Is that correct? 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   21:14 
It's correct, but I'm not sure if he will be able to do it because the data architect will begin as a part-time resource. So it might be like fully allocated to you guys. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   21:25 
Okay. 
Okay, and I have a conversation with him later today anyway, and I'll touch base with him on what his thoughts are on sharing that resource. I'm fine with sharing as long as he's working on stuff that would help us, not completely different JBS stuff. So we'll, I'll see what he, what he has in mind. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   21:41 
Uh huh. 
Yeah. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   21:49 
But... 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   21:49 
Okay, you can explain to him as well what do you want to build with Claude. So this way we can build the workshop directed to your necessities. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   21:51 
All right. 
Yes. 
You may ask Khrystyna this question as well. Some thoughts have been brought up on my side is can we connect a chat bot to some of the data that we already have? So 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   22:16 
We do, we can. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   22:17 
Yeah, and basically deploy it to an end user so that we would control it instead of giving them all the data lake and all of that, right? And then maybe control it to, instead of allowing them to prompt it, maybe put some controls around it, right, is the point. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   22:32 
Mmh. 
Yeah. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   22:36 
I know Khrystyna and them had a project regarding this. You may want to catch up with her on what was presented to us prior, because I was in a different mindset when they presented this the first time, but they did a whole project around this. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   22:50 
Okay. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   22:51 
For one data source, I don't recall which data source it was. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   22:55 
You can talk to her. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   22:55 
But you may ask her to share you with you that project. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   23:00 
Okay, I can talk to her. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   23:00 
Okay. 
Just so we, because there may be something we could leverage from that project to help us do a small proof of concept. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   23:11 
Alright, alright. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   23:11 
All right. They went, I don't know what platforms they use, but they presented it back in a way that I'm not sure we were interested in because they kind of went outside and said, okay, here's a chatbot for this. What we're looking for is more of a platform we can add all kinds of things to like Cloud, right? But 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   23:29 
Yeah. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   23:30 
Nonetheless, see what they did. It may be worth us looking at again and brushing off. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   23:36 
Okay, how long ago did they work with that? 

 
Dickson, Dustin   23:38 
It was at the end of 2025 or towards the beginning of 2026. I can't remember when they presented that to us. I can ask Lili if she, but I'm pretty sure Khrystyna will remember. They had a small proof of concept project around a chat bot, put it that way. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   23:44 
Okay. 
Yeah, okay, I will talk to her. 
Yeah. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   23:59 
And, and she'll remember if you, if you ask her that. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   24:04 
Okay, well, I'm going to talk to her. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   24:07 
Okay. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   24:08 
Right. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   24:08 
And I see the other thing that I would ask last question here is, we're still having meetings with you guys and independent meetings with them, so like tomorrow. 
I have a meeting scheduled with her around go to market core requirements. So basically that analytics discussion that you guys are not engaged in. And so I was wanting to ask you guys, is there still some confusion about her role versus y'all's role? Should we clear that up now? Because. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   24:32 
Uh-huh. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   24:42 
She's having meeting, she still has meetings that were scheduled before you guys were onboarded and you're not involved. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   24:42 
E. 
Mmh. 
I mean, we are, we don't need anything more from Adventist, I believe. Okay, we can talk to the final users if needed, but for now, I believe we have everything. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   25:07 
Okay. What, I guess what she's been, her and I had a standing meeting that was for more of the vision around the analytics. So it would be more towards the project that we're calling the consolidated app. Okay. 
We've been working and I told Khrystyna, we need to get everybody off the call and me and her just need to get on the call. This was prior to bringing Bix on board, okay? Prior to all of the issues we had with the security and everything. And what we were working through is a vision around all of these data sources and what the end goal is. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   25:37 
Mhm. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   25:44 
is in terms of output and analytics and things like that. 
I'm more than happy to bring you on that call, Leo, if you think that we should do that. 
Because what I don't want to happen is me and Khrystyna be designing something and you could have been helping us in understanding this infrastructure or this information and you missed that opportunity because we didn't include you on the calls. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   25:58 
Mm. 
OK, so you can count on me, you can put me in this in this call. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   26:16 
Okay, I in. 
I think one thing that Lili and I want to do when she returns in the 22nd is identify what do we need to keep Khrystyna on board. Would it be beneficial for us to keep Khrystyna on board? 
for all of these to help with all of these projects based on her knowledge, right? I think we're at a point where it makes sense to let Nata go because we're not doing Qlik development anymore. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   26:43 
Mhm. 
Uh-huh. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   26:48 
And we have a Qlik developer on the big side. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   26:51 
Yeah. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   26:52 
But I think we need to get a strategy around when we let her go and when, and do we think Khrystyna would be useful for us going forward as an additional resource? Because what Lili and I are thinking about, Leo, is it would take a long time for someone to help, to get them up to speed with the business knowledge that Khrystyna has. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   26:53 
The. 
Mm-hmm. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   27:16 
So we think that Khrystyna may be of value even to the Bix team moving forward up until for a longer period of time to help us. If you think about all of the things that I just listed as scope for us, we're going to need as much help as we can get to get this delivered, in my opinion. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   27:32 
Mhm. 
Yeah. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   27:39 
So be thinking about that, but when Lili returns, I think we need to get that. 
We need to get that figured out. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   27:46 
Okay, okay. I know. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   27:48 
And we can have we can have meetings before that if we need to with Lili, even before she returns. But I think that there's still some left undone, some things left undone in terms of how we're going to off board Advantis and fully give Bix. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   27:55 
Okay. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   28:08 
Every area of this, every every project in this area. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   28:13 
Mhm. 
Yeah, okay. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   28:23 
Mhm. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   28:24 
The rest, I mean, like SAP, and everything, I think it's okay. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   28:31 
Okay, let me let me tell Khrystyna, because they're working on a lot with the CRM system right now. And let me get Khrystyna's opinion on bringing you on the call in the morning to go through all of this. She's got a two-hour call scheduled. I can I can put you on there and we can walk through what 
everything on that that's left outside of that. So the output analytics, the CRM side, and anything else that needs to be tied up and get a better understanding of how we can transition this all to Bix. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   29:03 
Okay, this all of these next calls with Khrystyna should be recorded, I believe Dustin. So if I can create the invites, because I have the permissions to transcribe. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   29:12 
Yeah, OK. 
Yu. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   29:19 
So I think it would be good, you know. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   29:22 
OK, let me. 
Okay, let me do that. Let me let she looks like she's out today and will be back tomorrow, but why don't we do this? 
At 8 Central tomorrow, Leo, from 8 to 10. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   29:40 
Mhm. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   29:42 
Eight to 10 Central is when she has that call scheduled. Why don't you go ahead and create a call between me, you, and her? 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   29:52 
Uh huh. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   29:53 
And it can it can replace the meeting she has created. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   29:57 
Okay, I can do it. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   29:58 
Okay. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   29:59 
No problem. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   30:00 
And then we'll go from there since she's out today. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   30:04 
Okay. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   30:06 
Right, that's all I've got, Leo. Sorry for going long. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   30:06 
Okay. 
No, no, no problem at all. Uh, you can you can count on us whenever you need. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   30:14 
OK. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   30:14 
Okay, bye bye, Dustin. Thank you very much. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   30:15 
Thank you, guys. Appreciate it. Great work. Alright, bye bye. Thanks, Rodrigo. 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   30:17 
Think of Dustin. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   30:20 
Bye-bye. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo stopped transcription 
