BIX  JBS  Weekly Status-20260617_180018UTC-Meeting Recording 

June 17, 2026, 6:00PM 

27m 30s 

 
started transcription 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   0:09 
Hello, guys. 

 
Da Costa, Vitor Hugo   0:12 
Hello? 

 
Dickson, Dustin   0:14 
Been a rough start to a day, huh, boys? 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   0:18 
Okay. 
Yeah. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   0:19 
I do this. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   0:20 
Sorry about that. Yeah, we, yeah, that happened. I don't know. They cut your access every month and they never, they never notify me. I guess they notify Lili. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   0:22 
No, no problem. 
Maybe, maybe. I thought it was going to happen next week, so I was counting on Lili's return already. But it happened earlier. No, no problem. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   0:37 
Okay. 
OK, well, I think everybody's back on now. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   0:42 
Yes, yes, of course. 
Let's start, let me share my screen. 
Okay, can you see it? 

 
Dickson, Dustin   0:52 
Yes. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   0:53 
All right, let's go. 
So about last week, we had the first knowledge transfers regarding P&L and master data part one. We had the session part 2 for master data today in the morning, but we weren't able to access, so we need to reschedule it. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   1:13 
Okay. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   1:14 
We finished the KPIs dictionary, which will be part of the semantic layer in the future. So we have all the metrics explained. It will be very useful. Also, we're able to finish the Sam validation. We found some fixes to do. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   1:21 
OK. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   1:34 
They were mapped and already resolved, so we already delivered Sam's data. And also, we had some documentations provided by Khrystyna explaining the fixes that needed to be made inside the Click Apps for Costco and Kroger. So we reviewed all these fixes backlog and all of them. 
Both for Kroger and Cardoso are expected to be resolved by the snowflake refractor, which is already ongoing. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   2:05 
Okay. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   2:06 
We also finished the ETL strategy ADR for all of the retailers except Publix and also the to be maps. So now we have an as-is map which reflects the current scenario and a to be map that reflects the decisions from the... 
Retailers, ADRs, and our WBS is already reflecting the expanded scope as well. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   2:28 
OK. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   2:34 
In progress right now. We are working on the dimensional modeling for Kreutzer. Actually, this is being reviewed right now, and we are going to start the same for Costco. This is here in our plan. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   2:42 
The. 
OK. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   2:49 
We are also, we are still validating data from AccountsPayableDoNotUse and Walmart. Inside AccountsPayableDoNotUse, Zach didn't have access to the dashboard until last week, and now we are just waiting for his answer for his return. And Walmart, we are investigating some divergences, so we are talking to Tiffany. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   3:04 
OK. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   3:12 
to identify what needs to be changed. But these are just some filters that she does in the data. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   3:16 
Okay. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   3:21 
And regarding the QFA, we already have a ticket opened and we are in contact with the security team. Rodrigo has a question here regarding the account. If you can explain, Rodrigo, please. 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   3:38 
Yes, so when we open a ticket on ERM portal, it asks where the password needs to be stored on CyberArk. 
And the security analyst says said it's common. 
Common for the team, so every password is started on the same location. 
Do you have this information or anyone we can talk to to understand? 

 
Dickson, Dustin   4:11 
Which security analyst were you talking to? 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   4:14 
I was talking to Sun Yu Lili. 
Her manager is. 
Diana Ruiz. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   4:27 
Hold on just a second. 
And they're asking. 
Rodrigo, were they asking where we will store those, you said? 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   4:52 
Let me share my screen. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   4:54 
Okay. 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   4:55 
Second. 
Can you see my screen? 

 
Dickson, Dustin   5:04 
Yeah. 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   5:06 
So we need to fill these informations. We have everything but this safe option. 
Da. 
Da. 
you set where the password is going to be stored. And there's all of these options. 
Be chosen to. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   5:27 
Okay, this is for, okay, got it. So let me look at what, I don't know that we have created, I didn't even know this existed. So scroll down to the bottom real quick. 
OK, just go back to the top. We'll have to go through them slow and see if there's one that fits our use case. 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   5:55 
Okay. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   6:00 
A basis BI safe. 
Back office safe. 
Is there a way you can screen or copy all those lists, that list to me? 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   6:17 
Yes, and there's this observation that for non-IT people, we choose security engineers safe. I don't know where we fit in those. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   6:18 
Yeah. 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   6:31 
Classification. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   6:33 
A sensitive information like passwords is for IT people otherwise. Please choose security engineers safe. 
What is a SAP? 
Ohh. 
Security engineers safe. Secure digital vault in cyber. I've never even seen this before, so let me ask a question. 
I tell you what. 
Let me see here, hold on just a second. 
Can you work with my team, Jacob Weatherly? 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   7:29 
Yes, I have talked to him. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   7:30 
And I'll give him an update that you need some help here, and we will reach out to the security team and see. I have a feeling that... 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   7:35 
Okay. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   7:41 
This is the first of many situations where we'll need this, right? So I want to make sure we do it right and set up the right framework so that we can add to it later. So let me make sure we may create a new one for us. 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   7:51 
Okay. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   7:59 
But can you provide that ERM ticket? Well, I guess, can you provide how you created that ERM ticket so that we can recreate? 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   8:09 
Yes. 
I will send it to you after the meeting. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   8:20 
Okay, so you basically said, is it configure, which choice did you pick, configure external user access or non-human account? 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   8:33 
configure non-human account and then choose account type as service and you see all of the safe options. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   8:35 
Okay, got it. 
OK. 
Okay, got it. 
Yeah, let's work with Jacob on that one. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   8:48 
Mm. 
Okay. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   8:50 
And he'll talk to the security team and find out how we need to set that up for the whole team. 

 
Imamura, Rodrigo Eiki   8:51 
Okay. 
Okay. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   8:59 
I'll let him know you're going to contact him as well. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   9:05 
Thanks, Dustin. So moving on, our plan is to continue the dimensional modeling for all the remaining retailers. We expect to spend like from two to three days for each of the retailers. We are also going to explore the available data inside Publix. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   9:06 
Yep. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   9:25 
Vitor will focus on that after he finished the Walmart validation. 
We also need to schedule the part 2 of the master data knowledge transfer and start the CRM knowledge transfer as well. And I want to review the chatbot documentation that I didn't review last week. It was not my priority. And I think like if anything comes up. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   9:40 
Okay. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   9:51 
that's more important. I might not focus on that yet. Okay, but that's the plan. All right. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   9:56 
Okay. 
I think. 
We need to look at the planned, and I think we could potentially de-prioritize publics. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   10:08 
Uh-huh. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   10:09 
And... 
Prioritize the P&L. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   10:14 
Okay, okay, clear. I'll show you the map like in the next slide. But just some notes here. Felipe is onboarding next Monday and Lili is going to be back, so I already scheduled some catch-up meeting with her on Monday before our weekly meeting. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   10:19 
Okay. 
Awesome. 
Okay. 
I will be, I will be traveling Monday to Greeley. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   10:38 
Okay. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   10:39 
New Colorado. So I need to reschedule that Monday meeting. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   10:45 
All right, no problem. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   10:46 
And we can, we can. 
I would really like to get me, you, also probably Jacob, this team, Jacob, Christina, and Lili all together. The one, let's all get on the same page with all the activity that's going on and start talking about, because just like you have in this plan here, we need to 
think about how do we start looking at the Claude piece as well as prioritize what we've done, because I think everything's going to change at this point from a prioritization perspective. And I need to have everybody on there. We need to discuss this. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   11:21 
Yes. 
Mhm. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   11:29 
And then I need Lili to take over kind of the direction and making sure she understands exactly which direction we're going to take. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   11:37 
Yeah, I agree with you. Especially now with Philippine boarding the team, I think we can advance on that. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   11:41 
Correct. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   11:44 
So, if we take a look... 
On all of the sources, we are focusing on store level data, of course. We're modeling the ETL. Next in line is Costco. We are following this order here. Actually, these are not in review because we finished it. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   11:55 
Big. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   12:08 
this morning, so all of them are approved, and we are focusing on Walmart as well. And P&L, as you can see, is on standby, but we don't need to focus on Publix, as you said. We can just focus on the P&L right now. So we finish store-level data and start the P&L modeling. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   12:09 
It. 
And. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   12:29 
And my plan is that when Philippe is back. 
He can start working with us, understanding the environment, designing the architecture, but also he should be talking with Marcio so we can build something that is aligned with the corporate interests. So that's what I'm thinking. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   12:50 
OK. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   12:52 
I'm also talking to Marcio as well. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   12:52 
Okay. 
Okay, one that we haven't put on here. 
is the supply chain. And I don't know if it fits on here, but that's one that I have in this lane, but it may deserve its own lane. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   13:08 
Mhm. 
Okay. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   13:12 
But I'm just comparing what you have here to a list that I created for all three lanes, the plant, the sales, and the live production lane. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   13:24 
Mhm. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   13:25 
And that's the one that I don't that I don't see. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   13:28 
Okay, everything that's here is based on the spreadsheet we created together. Okay. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   13:36 
Okay, do you have? 
need to include also blacksmith. Do you have blacksmith, which would be, so we have historical sales data, but there's also an element of blacksmith called agreements and 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   13:47 
I... 
Cheer. 
Yeah, it's here. It's inside historical sales data. I just used one line here because it's all owned by Khrystyna. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   13:59 
Okay. 
Okay. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   14:05 
But, but it's in here, OK? 

 
Dickson, Dustin   14:07 
We probably need to break that out in the future. We can do that in the future, but we probably need to break that out because it really, there's two different things there. There's one of, there's really three, redistributor sales, operator sales, and then agreements and performance against those agreements. But 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   14:11 
Da. 
Mhm. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   14:25 
But it looks like we this is exactly what I was looking for is this is the full scope of the lane itself. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   14:32 
Okay, good to hear. We can we can expand that in the future when we understand what's in there. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   14:39 
Yep. 
I think Jacob on my team is actively working on getting the agreement stuff into the data lake. So just know that. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   14:42 
Okay. 
Mhm. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   14:53 
That's above and beyond the redistributor and operator file that we have today. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   14:57 
Okay. 
Okay, Greg. 
So, that's it, Dustin. This is our focus, and we also ready to start discovery sessions for the CRM. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   15:11 
Okay. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   15:11 
And continue discovery sessions for the master data. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   15:15 
Okay. 
Anything else, Leo? I'll show you. I'll show you something I've done so that. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   15:19 
No. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   15:25 
We do have, I mean, I don't know what I've showed you and what I haven't shown you, but I'll show you where I'm at on this. So. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   15:31 
OK. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   15:33 
I did this based on gross sales. I think I've shown you guys this already, the sales control tower. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   15:38 
Yes, yes, you did. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   15:39 
Okay, did I have the CRM pipeline in there when I showed it to you last time? 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   15:47 
I don't think so. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   15:47 
Do you recall? I don't think so either. So this is all the opportunities that have been created in the CRM pipeline, what the value is and what the volume is by person and by sub-channel, et cetera. So I haven't done a lot of work here. I just wanted to get it in here to see what I could see what we had. But we have all of this information in the data lake. 
It's not modeled. I just did this based on what's there. It's pretty straightforward though. There's just three tables. So this is ready and we need to, we'll discuss the prioritization of this, but this is going to be a, this, the P&L and bringing all this stuff together is going to be 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   16:17 
Mhm. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   16:30 
the emphasis moving forward. That's why I want to get everybody on the same page, because I think we've been working in silos because of the speed and the slowness that it was taking on each lane. But now that we're getting all the data in the data lake, all this is going to come together really fast. So 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   16:38 
Yeah. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   16:48 
Anyway. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   16:49 
Okay. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   16:50 
I've done a lot of work on the lab side. So I've got a lot of the template or the framework. I don't want to deviate much from the look and feel in the application. From a live or a plant perspective, you typically look at things total company, then by complex, then you break down each one of the 
areas. Sales is a little different. We'll be looking at it. We'll be looking at a total company, then by prepared and fresh, and then you'll break it down into the retail and food service, and then ultimately the channels and then by customer, obviously. So, but the framework and the 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   17:24 
Mhm. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   17:30 
look and feel, I want to keep consistent because I envision one day where we have a Pilgrims AI control tower, and then underneath there is live, plant, sales, supply chain, and maybe finance. 
And then we just build all this underneath that, if that makes sense. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   17:44 
Uh-huh. 
Yes. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   17:49 
So that's kind of the vision. I just want to make sure I'm articulating that to everybody so that we can kind of know where we're headed. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   17:49 
Okay. 
Uh-huh. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   17:57 
So... 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   17:58 
So perfect. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   17:59 
I think that's all I have from that side. But also what I'm doing on our team, what I want to do is build something out where everybody can see what we're working on across the organization as a whole all the time. So this less applies to necessarily the data lake. 
but it's more about just in general what we're doing, like for instance, the live AI Control Tower, just the latest notes and who's working on it, additional. Also would like to showcase our team, including you guys, as well as Ian's team and anybody else that we have. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   18:39 
Uh-huh. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   18:39 
just so that the organization, as far as a change management and culture standpoint, can start to understand what our team's doing and how ultimately it's going to impact them. Because when we pull the plug on old dashboards and we pull the plug on old way of doing things, we've got to have leadership and everybody bought in that this is the new book of record and to use this everywhere in every conversation. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   19:05 
Agreed, yeah. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   19:06 
One thing that I feel like has to be done too is, like, for instance, on this live side, we're driving actions from this data, and then we're going to use this as our platform to do the root cause, preventative or corrective actions, and monitor the folks. 
All the way up and down the chain. So we can think about this in terms of the sales control tower, the different groups that use this data, and how we build out actions that are associated with the insights we get from the data so that we are just not building dashboards. We're actually 
Acting on the information. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   19:46 
Ahh. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   19:50 
Okay, so anyway. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   19:50 
So. 
Is it like you want you want to keep record of all the of the actions that are mapped based on the data you are providing? Is that correct? 
Uh-huh. 
Yeah. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   20:20 
And they have to compile all this information because it's on spreadsheets and everywhere. Information is everywhere, right? If we manage all of that here, we can basically do all of that. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   20:28 
Mhm. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   20:32 
in the platform versus having to do it today on spreadsheets and then spend a week compiling the information to show in a meeting that's two weeks behind the actual operations, right? 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   20:43 
Yeah. 
Yes. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   20:46 
So I like this view. This is just a concept, but like it's down to the level of today I need feed in Vincent Farm, but also it would be at the level of I've got to improve Guntersville hatchability percentage, which this would be more of a complex level action that would go over multiple months where this is a action that would be 
you know, needing to happen today or tomorrow, right, to get the feed delivered. So some sort of functionality to go and group those, you know, I only want to look at Douglas and I only want to look at feed supply. And so they have no alerts there, right? Some way to categorize this to see all the way 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   21:27 
Uh-huh. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   21:30 
up and down the chain. So high level ongoing actions that need updates and then low level actions that need resolved right now. So full spectrum, if that makes sense. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   21:46 
Yes, he does, he does. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   21:47 
And that way, you're not, you know, at any given time, you can see the full visibility, right? So if I was to, if one of the issues of Guntersville is, let's say, feed conversion, then I want to know in Guntersville, if I filter on Guntersville, 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   21:52 
Mhm. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   22:06 
how many, is it an issue here with the birds or is it an issue with the feed that I'm not getting the amount of weight on the bird? So you see the point is I can see all of it at once and filter up and down. So if I go to Greeley, 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   22:14 
And. 
Yes. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   22:26 
I'm looking at high level metrics, there'll be a categorization to say these are, you know, management actions or complex actions versus technician actions. So you can have it at varying levels. And then for the, like, if I was to go to Greeley, I would. 
filter it down to management actions, right? Like what are we doing to improve hatch? And there better be some lower level actions that support that maybe you could even tie to this card to say, okay, what are the child cards that technicians are doing to support that and where are they at on that? 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   23:04 
Mhm, mhm. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   23:05 
And then let AI tell us the summary of that, right? So say, okay, I want a summary, and it tells us, and it builds, I don't even need a PowerPoint at that point, right? But it would build the summary that today lands in a PowerPoint, but takes a week to put together and organize for the whole organization. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   23:24 
Mhm. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   23:25 
And you know, that's 1/4, one week on PowerPoint is taking us out of the actual execution of the action, right? So let's get that week back and let's tie all these things together, if that makes sense. So same thing with sales, right? So it would be the same concept in sales. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   23:38 
Yes. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   23:44 
It's just different groups and different lanes, right? They would be by channel, potentially, or by customer, depending on how we want to approach it, mainly by channel. So you'd see a lane for every channel and you'd know exactly what they're doing in each channel. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   24:03 
And you can link the changes in the KPIs to the actions that you that you mapped before. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   24:09 
Correct. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   24:11 
Nice, it's really nice. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   24:11 
Right. So then I could likely like click on this and a pop-up would come up and it'd say, okay, here it is. And then here's all the linked actions and all the people that are working on it and where they're at. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   24:22 
Mhm. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   24:24 
All right, so you got to be careful not to overkill this, but right now we struggle with managing our corrective actions. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   24:33 
Yeah. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   24:33 
I see this as a way to get around that. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   24:36 
Mhm. 
Uh... 

 
Dickson, Dustin   24:38 
All right. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   24:40 
Yes, do you think you can send me some some print screens of of of those screens? 

 
Dickson, Dustin   24:47 
Yes, I can. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   24:47 
so I can show it to Philip in the future. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   24:50 
I can, but we can also show Felipe on a call, but I should be able to publish this app pretty soon. Me and Marcio are working on trying to publish this this afternoon as a trial. Once I get, once we get that done, I can share it with the consulting group or I can share it and maybe we can, then we can all get on the same page with it. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   24:54 
Okay. 
Oh, nice. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   25:09 
I still have a little bit of work to do on this, but... 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   25:10 
Perfect, perfect. 
Okay, it looks good. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   25:14 
But like I said, I would love to build out like a model that says, you know, this is the way we're going to organize things. So you can see here, I have a company card. It tells me this is for live, obviously, but it tells me how many broiler farms I have, how many breeder farms I have, how much square foot, how much hatcheries. 
So if you think of that from a sales perspective, I want to know, okay, my sales channel is made up of these people. Here's the total volume we sell out of this channel. Here are the top customer. All, so I'm using this as like the info card, right? 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   25:51 
E. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   25:51 
And then. 
You know, where I flip over and show this is the total number of complexes or total number of farms in the sales dashboard, I would see that here to say, here's all of our sales here. Here's the card. And then again, like we did on that map, 
you would see potentially a map like this that shows here's all where our sales go. And you just get more and more granularity as you go, right? So visualizations that map to that. And then. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   26:18 
Yeah. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   26:25 
Like for live here, I have a map where I've brought in diseases and weather. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   26:31 
Mhm. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   26:31 
So I can show the disease presence of avian influenza, bird flu, against our complexes. So if you imagine this with same type of look and feel, except for sales side, I'm going to look at market trends and sales overlapping our 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   26:38 
Uh-huh. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   26:52 
customers, right? Where we currently sell and what channels we currently sell in. So again, spending a lot out there, guys. I'm just trying to give you guys an understanding of the vision so that the more everybody's aligned, the faster we can go, the more ideas we'll generate. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   27:03 
Mhm. 
Of course. 
Of course, it's always useful. Thank you very much, Dustin. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   27:11 
Okay. All right, that's all I have. Anything else, guys? 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   27:15 
No, that's all for us as well. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   27:16 
Can't wait to, I can't wait to get Lili back. It'll give you guys more support. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo   27:21 
Nice. It's going to be nice to listen. All right. Have a nice week. Thank you very much. Bye-bye. 

 
Dickson, Dustin   27:23 
But okay. 
All right. Thanks, guys. Bye bye. 

 
Contezini, Leonardo stopped transcription 
